Arrows in the world
Follow my orders
Hahaha Qin Yuan
What are you doing?
Command me with words to wait for the sword on my body?
In this world, except for the Sword Emperor who opened up Shu Mountain
There is no second person who can make his wish come true
What do you want?
Even if you were born cheap
It is impossible to order a thousand arrows with words
Do you still think you are the Sword Emperor of Shushan a thousand years ago?
Little brother, I'm waiting for a sword
Even if you want to roll with a steel collapse
It's impossible.
If you really want to fight
Then sister, I will fight you seriously, which is love.
Forget it, the war is coming
Don't use it anymore, come and be obedient